to find the logic for this problem
We need to understand the relationship between the power of
two number and its previous number
So let us represent some power of two numbers and their
previous number in binary format
The number eight is 00001000 and its previous number is
seven and it's binary representation is 00000111
for number 16 The binary representation is 00010000 and
its previous number 15 00001111 and for the number 32
0010000 and its previous number 31 00011111 we can see
that all the power of two numbers have only one
set bit
If the position of set bit is X then the
previous numbers have all bit set to one till X
minus one position
And if we and those two numbers the result will
be zero
So the logic is very simple
Just do bitwise and on the given number and
its previous number
If the result is zero its power of two number
Otherwise it is not a power of two number using this logic you can try solving the problem.